docs(livemode): add livemode documentation (#1357)
oamg/leapp-repository: docs/source/livemode.md

# Livemode - having a more familiar, possibly interactive, upgrade environment

> **Note that the livemode feature is experimental.**

Reviewer: Note that the suggestion is littlebit malformed and not sure how to correctly input triple backticks here :) but you get the idea I believe.

```suggestion
```{warning}
Note that the livemode feature is experimental.
\`\`\`
```

Author: Suggestion applied to the `index.rst` of `experimental-features` subsection.

> Leapp features an experimental feature named _livemode_ that partially replaces

Reviewer: The sentense is kind of hard to get, let's simplify it to something like

```suggestion
_livemode_ is an experimental feature that partially replaces
```

Author: Suggestion applied :+1:
